Update whats-new.md (#121626)
Azure/azure-content: articles/spring-apps/enterprise/whats-new.md

Azure Spring Apps is improved on an ongoing basis. To help you stay up to date with the most recent developments, this article provides you with information about the latest releases.

This article is updated quarterly, so revisit it regularly. You can also visit [Azure updates](https://azure.microsoft.com/updates/?query=azure%20spring), where you can search for updates or browse by category.

> ## Q1 2024

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Q1 2024
```

The following updates are now available in the Enterprise plan:

> - **Save up to 47%: Azure Spring Apps Enterprise is now eligible for Azure Savings plan**: All Azure Spring Apps regions under the Enterprise plan are eligible for substantial cost savings – 20% for one year and 47% for three years – when you commit to Azure savings Plan, [read more](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/apps-on-azure-blog/azure-spring-apps-enterprise-is-now-eligible-for-azure-savings/ba-p/4021532).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Save up to 47%: Azure Spring Apps Enterprise is now eligible for Azure Savings plan**: All Azure Spring Apps regions under the Enterprise plan are eligible for substantial cost savings – 20% for one year and 47% for three years – when you commit to the Azure savings Plan. For more information, see [Azure Spring Apps Enterprise is now eligible for Azure savings plan for compute](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/apps-on-azure-blog/azure-spring-apps-enterprise-is-now-eligible-for-azure-savings/ba-p/4021532).
```

> - **Save up to 47%: Azure Spring Apps Enterprise is now eligible for Azure Savings plan**: All Azure Spring Apps regions under the Enterprise plan are eligible for substantial cost savings – 20% for one year and 47% for three years – when you commit to the Azure savings Plan. For more information, see [Azure Spring Apps Enterprise is now eligible for Azure savings plan for compute](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/apps-on-azure-blog/azure-spring-apps-enterprise-is-now-eligible-for-azure-savings/ba-p/4021532).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Save up to 47%: Azure Spring Apps Enterprise is now eligible for Azure savings plan**: All Azure Spring Apps regions under the Enterprise plan are eligible for substantial cost savings – 20% for one year and 47% for three years – when you commit to the Azure savings plan. For more information, see [Azure Spring Apps Enterprise is now eligible for Azure savings plan for compute](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/apps-on-azure-blog/azure-spring-apps-enterprise-is-now-eligible-for-azure-savings/ba-p/4021532).
```

> - **Azure CLI supports to stream log of Spring Cloud Gateway**: This feature allows you to fetch the log of Spring Cloud Gateway in real-time for diagnosis purposes, [read more](how-to-troubleshoot-enterprise-spring-cloud-gateway.md#use-real-time-log-streaming).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Azure CLI supports log streaming for Spring Cloud Gateway**: This feature enables you to fetch the Spring Cloud Gateway log in real time for diagnosis purposes. For more information, see the [Use real-time log streaming](how-to-troubleshoot-enterprise-spring-cloud-gateway.md#use-real-time-log-streaming) section of [Troubleshoot VMware Spring Cloud Gateway](how-to-troubleshoot-enterprise-spring-cloud-gateway.md).
```

> - **Azure CLI supports to stream log of Application Configuration Service**: The feature allows you to retrieve the log of the Application Configuration Service using Azure CLI, making it possible to detect any configuration updates, [read more](how-to-enterprise-application-configuration-service.md?tabs=Portal%2Cazure-Portal#use-real-time-log-streaming).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Azure CLI supports log streaming for Application Configuration Service**: The feature enables you to retrieve the Application Configuration Service log using the Azure CLI, making it possible to detect any configuration updates. For more information, see the [Use real-time log streaming](how-to-enterprise-application-configuration-service.md#use-real-time-log-streaming) section of [Use Application Configuration Service for Tanzu](how-to-enterprise-application-configuration-service.md).
```

> - **Showing version of buildpacks**: The latest feature added to buildpacks assists you in comprehending the version utilized and diagnosing issues associated with the build process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Shows buildpack versions**: The latest feature added to buildpacks assists you in comprehending the version used and diagnosing issues associated with the build process.
```

> - **Enhanced troubleshooting of Application Configuration Service**: Now you can view the linked configMap to your apps directly to further assist in troubleshooting issues of unrefreshed configurations and also you can export configuration files pulled by the Application Configuration Service from upstream Git repositories to your local environment through Azure CLI which helps you examine the content and use configuration files for local development, [read more](how-to-enterprise-application-configuration-service.md?tabs=Portal%2Cazure-Portal#examine-configuration-file-in-configmap).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Enhanced troubleshooting of Application Configuration Service**: Now you can directly view the linked `configMap` for your apps to further assist in troubleshooting issues with unrefreshed configurations. You can also export configuration files pulled by the Application Configuration Service from upstream Git repositories to your local environment through the Azure CLI. This process helps you examine the content and use configuration files for local development. For more information, see the [Examine configuration file in ConfigMap](how-to-enterprise-application-configuration-service.md#examine-configuration-file-in-configmap) section of [Use Application Configuration Service for Tanzu](how-to-enterprise-application-configuration-service.md).
```
